FINISHED:
  INPUT:
    1.  Move Town and Town Section above Street and Nearest Cross Street.

    2.  Need ORCOM Service Number, optional usually, required when requester is Call Center.
        (field is there, but validation rule is not)

    3.  Need secondary phone number field for customer.
        a.  In database/model
		b.  On Form

    4.  Service ID is really Premise Number and Service Number (two fields).

    5.  The only way to override the premise number requirement is to enter all zeroes.

    6.  Description of Work has two "SERVICE LINE LEAK, CUST. SIDE" (one with the '.', one without).

    7.  I got a method error in the street box when Town was set to MIDDLETOWN.

    9.  Latitiude Longitude picker.  (still not required by form)

	10. Need a ZipCode field.
		a.  In database/model
		b.  On Form

    12. Need to bold the labels for any required fields.

    13. Apparently Towns in the demo weren't filtered by OpCode?

  AFTER INPUT:
    1.  The FormView in view mode should have the labels in bold.

  OTHER:
    1.  Need another table to store every time the Description of Work for a given order is changed.
        Need to capture the new Description of Work, the employee who changed it, and when it was
        changed.

PENDING:
  INPUT:
    2.  Need ORCOM Service Number, optional usually, required when requester is Call Center.

    8.  Need Gov'tOfficialInfo field, and Phone Number for them as well.

    9.  Latitiude Longitude picker.  This to become a requirement for any asset that doesn't have a
        lat long.  (this is implemented, but the requirement is not)

    10. Need a ZipCode field.  This could be populated by the town if the town only has one, or
        filtered by town if the town has many.  This will then be used by the lat/lon picker to
        try and locate the current location. (everything about this works except for it being
        populated automatically)

    11. Need a 'last chance' validation step.  "Are you sure you don't want to enter a ZipCode?".

  TIME SHEETS:
    1.  When entering a new employee time sheet, the original Description of Work will be there, and
        will allow them to specify a new Description of Work to describe specifically what they did
        over the course of that job visit.

  OTHER:
	2.  The WorkOrderDescriptionChange table should record each time an order's description
        Still to be decided is where this will happen in the user interface.
